[rumbling]
[theme music]
[theme music continues]
[rattling]
[growls]
[roars]
[snores]
[tense music]
[owl hoots]
[gasps]
[ominous music]
[snoring]
[screeching]
[whispers]
Ready.
[Kenji grunting]
[Ben grunting]
[tense music]
[Sammy grunting]
[grunting]
[snores]
[gasps]
[yelps, screams]
[both gasp]
[panicked cry]
[whimpering]
[grumbles, screeches]
[all gasp]
-[grunting]
-[dinosaurs shriek]
[Brooklynn whimpers]
-[yelps]
-[snarls]
[grunting]
[all grunting]
BRAD, stop.
[beeps]
[relieved sigh]
Good thing you were able to get me
voice command for BRAD here.
Yeah. Real good thing.
Had to keep it interesting,
huh, superstar?
Huh?
Okay, come on, guys.
Who knows when Kash is gonna wake up.
[tense music]
[elevator dings]
This will take you down to the Med Bay.
There's a nursery next to it.
He's testing the control chips on
the baby dinos first thing in the morning.
What about cameras?
Mr. Genius has been too busy
to get the island's
camera system up and running.
Message me on the BRAD-X
as soon as you get the babies out.
Good luck.
[Kash] What are you doing out here?
Oh, Kash, hey.
[chuckles]
Uh, you know how hard it is to sleep
when you got a metal babysitter's
big ole eye slits
staring at you all night?
[sighs]
Not my problem.
Actually, no, it is.
Because we're having this conversation.
Yeah, I, uh… I went up
to the roof to get some air.
Let the machine do the answering.
Where did the kid go?
[in robotic voice]
The roof.
Uh-huh.
And was he doing anything
he shouldn't have been?
Negative.
Escort him back to his room.
Then bring my cold brew
down to the nursery.
Since the kid woke me up,
might as well get some work done.
Dude, come on, please
don't make me go back to my room.
I'm so bored.
Can I play a video game or something?
You're a gamer?
That's how I won my trip
to Jurassic World.
I'm kinda… awesome.
Doubtful.
That's cool. Most of my friends
were scared to play me too.
Who said I was scared?
[light clicks]
[tense music]
-[loud clank]
-[gasps]
[Ben] Hey, guys? I think I found it.
[ominous music]
Looks like there's only three
baby dinos in the nursery.
[chimes]
"Baby Brachiosaurus. Two months old.
DNA extracted from Isla Sorna."
It won't take me long.
Where we meeting after?
Med Bay. We'll load 'em up on a platform,
and figure out which biome
to take them to later.
All right. Usual teams?
Let's see what we're dealing with, but--
-Actually, Yaz and I got this one.
-Hmm?
Like I was saying, Sammy, we're up.
[beeping]
Huh?
"Sinoceratops and Spinosaurus."
Dummy put down two species by mistake.
[Sammy] Nope. It's a hybrid.
What's everyone's obsession
with making hybrids?
Says, "the Sinoceratops DNA was extracted
from live specimen on Isla Nublar."
[gasps]
[Kenji] Sammy!
[dinosaur shrieks]
[whimpers]
[screeching]
I'm so sorry.
[Kash] Okay, kid.
Hope you're ready for this.
[Darius] Oh, I'm ready.
[chiming]
The Jurassic World Video Game.
Gotta say, there's something
funny about playing a game
where we run from dinosaurs
when, you know,
we're on an island filled with dinosaurs.
Eh, I prefer this way.
I can eat nachos
while I own these punk lizards.
No, totally, totally.
I love punking dinosaurs.
It's probably why
I'm so unbeatable at this game.
-Yeah. We'll see about that.
-Ready to race?
[loud thudding]
[dinosaur roars]
[snoring]
-Too easy.
-[snoring]
[Ben] All right, champ.
Your buddy Ben's here to save you.
[shrieking]
-[Ben yelps]
-[dinosaur shrieks]
-[thuds]
-Oh!
[shrieks, snorts]
-Shh!
-[dinosaur cries]
[grunts]
-Uh…
-[metal clangs]
[Ben grunts, groans]
-[Brooklynn] Okay, little one.
-[whimpers]
Move, baby. You gotta go.
[shrieking]
Wanna go for a walky-poo?
[Brooklynn imitates baby talk]
I promise
it's some place really, really special.
[whimpers]
[Brooklynn]
Don't tell anyone about the baby talk.
No promises.
You might wanna avoid
everyone for a while.
Like you did earlier. With Kenji.
What? You're imagining things.
[sighs]
Kenji said he likes me, okay?
[whimpers]
And then I got all weird
so he backtracked, and it got weirder.
And now I don't know
if he meant it or not.
Do you want him to mean it?
[slurps]
[Sammy] Poor thing.
Here all by yourself.
How about we get you out of here?
[low growl]
Oh, okay, okay. No rush.
You take all the time you need.
Actually, there is a rush.
We need to go. Now.
[dinosaur grumbles]
All right. Let's go.
Ow!
Kenji! Don't rush the little angel.
She bit me.
And you're calling her an angel?
That's right.
[Sammy] I'm naming you "Angel".
Oh, don't you listen
to Mr. Insensitive over there.
[grumbles]
Girls. You try to be nice,
they either snub you or they bite you.
You just can't win.
[tense music]
-[chiming]
-[players grunt]
The raptors, I think they're coming.
[Kash] Pssh! Coward.
What? No!
-[Darius] Yes!
-[Kash sighs]
[grumbles]
Stupid game!
-[chiming]
-Whoo!
[Kash grumbles]
Hey! It's okay, dude.
You haven't had as much experience
running from dinosaurs as I have.
-I'm over this. Take him to his room.
-[BRAD beeping]
I'm heading downstairs.
Wait! How about a rematch?
Come on, I'll take it easier
on you this time.
Are you…
[scoffs]
I wasn't even trying.
I just have work to do.
Okay. Whatevs.
Just sounds like someone hates to lose.
[grunts]
Let me just do this one quick thing
then it's game time for real.
[beeps]
Go on.
[low growl]
-[Ben grunts]
-[dinosaur screeching]
-[dinosaur snorts]
Go on. Take the food.
[low growl]
-Take it.
-[shrieking]
It's food. Take the food!
[metal clangs]
Argh!
Bumpy would do anything for a few berries.
[thuds, grunts]
-[soft cries]
-[Ben groans]
-[whimpers]
-[Ben grunts]
[whimpering]
[pants]
Wait, you just wanna play?
Bumpy was all about the berries,
but I guess you're not Bumpy.
[snorts]
All right. Let's try it your way.
More raptors.
There's cover behind that tree.
[chimes]
[static noise]
[Darius] What?
How do you like me now, chump?
Wait. How are you doing that?
[gasps]
[static noise]
What the…
My guy won't move. Come on!
-[Darius] Go!
-[player screams]
[chiming]
Did you mess with the game?
Don't know what you're talking about.
Sounds like someone hates to lose.
[laughs]
Best three out of five?
[cries]
[shrieking]
It's okay, girl. Let it all out.
What? No. Someone could hear her.
Let her feel her feelings.
[Kenji grumbles]
Feelings? Ah, I give up.
I wish Mae had a program
that could tell me what every girl
or a girl dinosaur is thinking.
[sighs]
But she doesn't, so let's move.
-[Kenji grunting]
-[dinosaur cries]
[yelps]
Careful. Don't hurt her.
-[dinosaur whines]
-[Kenji grunts]
[Kenji gasps]
[dinosaur whines]
I mean, we've definitely got closer, and,
I don't know, sometimes, I feel like
he gets me better than anyone else.
But then I'm like, "It's Kenji." You know?
[Brooklynn and Kenji grunt]
What's me?
Here. Now. Uh, we, uh, heard you.
-[Sammy grunts]
-[whines]
Yeah, I think everyone
in a five-mile radius heard this little--
Angel.
That's what you were gonna say,
right, Kenj?
Nope.
[squeals]
[shrill cry]
[laughs]
Look at 'em. Must be siblings.
[both squealing]
It's cute until we get caught.
If we're gonna keep moving,
we need to separate them.
-[all grunting]
-[dinosaurs whine]
Maybe we'll have better luck
if we switch it up.
Sammy and I will take Angel.
You guys go first to the Med Bay.
We'll give it a few and then follow.
Sure. Let's go.
[snorting]
[purring]
Sammy, do your animal thing.
Aw, give her a minute.
She just needs some love.
I bet all she's ever got
is a cold, uncaring BRAD claw.
Okay, what's the deal?
Sammy?
Angel's here because of me.
And so is her brother.
They were made from the samples
I stole from Nublar.
They spent their whole lives down here.
No sunlight, no fresh air,
all because of me.
[dinosaur whines]
Sammy, you may have taken the sample,
under threat, by the way,
but it's Mantah Corp's fault
for doing all this to the animals.
Coddling Angel isn't gonna help her.
But getting her out of here,
saving her from Kash, that will.
[Ben] Can't catch me!
Come on! What are you guys doing?
Let's get a move on.
Now, you listen to me.
I'm sorry you had it rough,
but if you ever want a better life,
you are gonna move.
-[slaps]
-[wails]
-Yeah!
-[dinosaur squeals]
[dinosaur whines]
-What are you doing?
-We need to cover our tracks
so it looks like the dinosaurs
got out on their own.
How about that? We could blow a fuse.
Yeah, as long as it's the right one.
[door closes]
Oh! She never gets tired.
-[dinosaur squeals]
-[Ben yelps]
Oh! Oh! Huh?
That's right, little lady.
You move your sassy behind
right on up to that platform.
[both squeal]
[shrieks]
[gasps]
[both squeal]
[whirring]
[electricity crackles]
There we go.
[gasps]
[both shrieking]
[thuds]
[electricity crackles]
[sputtering]
[dinosaur cries]
[loud thud]
[whines]
[ominous music]
[snorting]
[Darius groans]
[grumbles]
[Darius] Not again!
[upbeat music]
A dance break? Are you kidding me?
How is there even a cheat code for that?
Don't make excuses for your failures, kid.
Just, like, be better.
-[beeping]
-Huh?
[Kash] Power outage in the Med Bay.
[gasps]
Wait. I gotta know how you hacked
the game like that.
Earned a new respect for me, eh?
Yeah, I thought I was good,
but it was like,
you taught the game
how it was supposed to be played.
Show me how?
Nah. Maybe later.
I gotta check things out down there.
What do you think you're doing?
How am I supposed to "be better"
if I'm not learning from the best?
Fine. But keep to yourself
and don't be annoying.
[tense music]
[gasps]
[low growl]
[Brooklynn grunts]
[ominous music stings]
-[squeals]
-Oh!
-[thuds]
-[groans]
[gasps]
[whines]
[roars]
Come on, girl!
[screaming]
[Ben panting]
[suspenseful music]
[growling]
[whines]
[growls]
[shrieks]
[roars]
Stupid thing always takes so long.
Come on!
I hate waiting too.
Let's go play some more.
I mean, I'm guessing
power outages happen all the time.
-So, it's probably, uh…
-[elevator dings]
[tense music]
[Sammy] Come on, girl!
[loud thud]
[panting]
-[roars]
-[screams]
-[Kenji screaming]
-[slamming]
[screams]
Run!
[pants, gasps]
[roars]
[suspenseful music]
[slams]
Huh?
Out of my way!
[low growl]
[gasps]
Uh, Kash?
Not now, kid.
[Darius] Kash!
-[gasps]
-What, kid?
[gasps]
[roars]
[grunts]
[screams]
[Darius grunts]
Close it! Close it!
-[beeping]
-[Kash] Hurry! Hurry!
-[both scream]
-[roars]
[breathing heavily]
[grumbles]
-[Sammy] That was close.
-[Yaz] It always is.
-[squeals]
-Hey! Hold on, girl.
[dinosaur squeals]
[Ben] Okay. Hey! Whoa! Uh…
No, stop. Not that way! Oh, man.
Oh, no, no, no. No. Okay. Okay.
-She's safe. Thanks to you.
-Thanks to us.
Awesome. Of course, we landed here.
[snorts]
[squeals]
Want my jacket?
How chivalrous. I'm fine. You keep it.
[squealing]
[Brooklynn shivers]
-Let's get out of here, fast.
-Yeah. After a quick snowball fight.
Yeah.
[chuckles]
[Kenji grunting, shuddering]
[laughing]
[Kenji] Hey! Did we name the little guy?
How about "Rebel"?
[soft chuckle]
I like it.
[whines]
[ominous music]
[Kash] How did this happen?
[snores]
[gasps]
[chimes]
They're gone. Did you do this?
I was with you the whole time.
[grunts]
[ominous music rises]
[closing theme music]